[Music]
sup guys wait a minute you guys aren't
the real Avengers I can tell Hulk gives
it away
Oh
[Music]
so listen new top know you've seen that
before
know what that skirt you should probably
stop staring with Laurie it's creepy
though too late guys are losers so to
become an Avenger are there like trials
or and you just don't do anything I
would do and definitely don't do
anything I wouldn't do
there's a little gray area in there and
that's where you operate oh all right
that's not a hug I'm just grabbing the
top for you all right good good luck out
there
listen I know school sucks you still
with us yeah yeah I know you want to
save the world
you're not ready yet you're the
spider-man no I'm not I'm not this is
just a costume this is for the ceiling
stay close to the point stay out of
trouble
forget the flying monster guy there are
people who handle this sort of thing
treating me like a kid all the time but
you are a kid this is my chance to prove
myself
what is going on with you I'm sorry I'm
so busy I'm slamming cuz I will kill you
and everybody you love
you